(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) That day, for no particular reason, I decided
to go for a little run.
So, I ran to the end of the
road.
And when I got there, I thought maybe
I'd run to the end of town.
President Carter, suffering from heat exhaustion, fell into
the arms of...
And when I got there, I thought maybe
I'd just run across Greenbow County.
And I figured since I'd run this far,
maybe I'd just run across the great state
of Alabama.
And that's what I did.
I ran clear across Alabama.
For no particular reason, I just kept on
going.
I ran clear of the ocean.
And when I got there, I figured since
I'd gone this far, I might as well
turn around and just keep on going.
But when I got to another ocean, I
figured since I'd gone this far, I might
as well just turn back and keep right
on going.
When I got tired, I slept.
When I got hungry, I ate.
When I had to go, you know, I
went.
And so, you just ran.
Yeah.
Lookin' at her before the rushin' on the
road.
Thankin' so many songs.
Sixty-five, I was seventeen when I put
her up on the road.
I'd think a lot about Mama and Bubba
and Lieutenant Dane.
But most of all, I thought about Jenny.
I thought about her a lot.
For more than two years now, a man
named Forrest Gump, a gardener from Greenbow, Alabama,
stopping only to sleep, has been running across
America.
Charles Cooper brings you his report.
For the fourth time on his journey across
America, Forrest Gump, a gardener from Greenbow, Alabama,
is about to cross the Mississippi River again
today.
I'll be damned.
Sir, why are you running?
Why are you running?
Are you doing this for world peace?
Are you doing this for the homeless?
Are you running for women's rights?
Or for the environment?
Or for animals?
They just couldn't believe that somebody would do
all that running for no particular reason.
Why are you doing this?
I just felt like running.
Shoot.
I can't believe it was really you.
No.
For some reason, what I was doing seemed
to make sense to people.
I mean, it was like an alarm went
off in my head, you know?
I said, here's a guy who's got his
act together.
Here's somebody who's got it all figured out.
Here's somebody who has the answer.
I'll follow you anywhere, Mr. Gump.
So I got company.
And after that, I got more company.
And then even more people joined in.
Somebody later told me it gave people hope.
Nah.
Nah, I don't know anything about that.
But some of those people asked me if
I could help them out.
Hey, man.
Hey, listen, I was wondering if you might
help me, huh?
Listen, I'm in the bumper sticker business, and
I've been trying to think up a good
slogan.
And since you have been such a big
inspiration to the people around here, I thought
you might be able to help me jump
into it.
Whoa, man!
You just ran through a big pile of
dog shit!
It happens.
What, shit?
Sometimes.
And some years later, I heard that that
fella did come up with a bumper sticker
slogan, and he made a lot of money
off of it.
Another time, I was running along, somebody who
had lost all his money in the T
-shirt business, and he wanted to put my
face on a T-shirt, but he couldn't
draw that well, and he didn't have a
camera.
Here, use this one.
Nobody likes that color anyway.
Have a nice day.
Well, some years later, I found out that
that man did come up with an idea
for a T-shirt, and he made a
lot of money off of it.
Anyway, like I was saying, I had a
lot of company.
My mom always said, you got to put
the past behind you before you can move
on, and I think that's what my running
was all about.
I had run for 3 years, 2 months,
14 days, and 16 hours.
Quiet, he's gonna say something.
I'm pretty tired.
I think I'll go home now.
Thank you for watching.